# Dorse - March backlog

Welcome to our first monthly progress report.

- [Alpha launch](#alpha-launch)
  - [Key take aways](#key-takeaways)
  - [Metrics](#metrics)
- [Staking](#staking)
- [Team](#team)
- [Next month](#next-month)

## Alpha launch

We have soft launched, and we are truly excited about this. Our main goal has been
to start getting some valuable feedback from candidates and referrers on how our
platform work.

We've identified some important bugs and also put a lot of work to allow `dorsing`
candidates as easy as we can.

Btw: We've launched our twitter account! Join us @ [dorseit](https://twitter.com/dorseit)

### Metrics

We've had `<NAME OF REFERRER>` referring `<NAME OF CANDIDATE>` for `<ROLE>`!

Currently, we have `...` candidates on our platform and `...` roles.

## Staking

We've started coding our staking smart contract on Solana. More to come soon.
If you really want to see what's going on, check our [repo](https://github.com/madrugada-labs/staking-v1.git).

Our `v1` is just the bare minimum set of features that allow us to kick up off
the ground! We're excited to see it live.

## Team

- Brenda, our UX/UI expert has joined us full time
- Joaquin has joined us as core front end engineer
- Eduardo has joined us as our QA and all-the-things analyst
- Julia has joined us part-time as our core back end developer
- Andres is finishing his contract and will likely continue
  as our tech advisor

## Next Month

- Start Machine Learning strategy!
- Testing the staking contract on Solana's Devnet
- Get at least 2 placements
